README.md, before:

This is an automated script to setup docker to support blazemeter-crane container. The script will also support ARM based machines. 

Prerequisites:
1. A Blazemeter account
2. Permissions to create Private location and Agent in Blazemeter
3. Root priviledges or part of the sudoers group in the local machine - where the plan is to setup private location agent.
4. Create private location in Blazemeter : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/207421655-Creating-a-Private-Location-Creating-a-Private-Location
5. Create an agent under the private-location in Blazemeter : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017746838
6. Copy the code and paste into the notepad to use it when the script promted for details. 
7. Before, initiating the script, make sure the system/local machine meets the requirements standards for Blazemeter crane container : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/209186065-Private-Location-System-Requirements-Private-Location-System-Requirements


https://github.com/ImMnan/blazemeter-crane.git

Commit message:

Adding requirements and logs script

README.md, after:

This is an automated script to setup docker to support blazemeter-crane container. The script will also support setting up docker to support AMD64 based images for ARM based machines. 

Requirements:
1. A Blazemeter account
2. Permissions to create Private location and Agent in Blazemeter
3. Root priviledges or part of the sudoers group in the local machine - where the plan is to setup private location agent.
4. Create private location in Blazemeter : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/207421655-Creating-a-Private-Location-Creating-a-Private-Location
5. Create an agent under the private-location in Blazemeter : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017746838
6. Copy the code and paste into the notepad to use it when the script promted for details. 
7. Before, initiating the script, make sure the system/local machine meets the requirements standards for Blazemeter crane container : https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/209186065-Private-Location-System-Requirements-Private-Location-System-Requirements


https://github.com/ImMnan/blazemeter-crane.git
